content/1-Worklog/1.5-Week5/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Week 5 Worklog"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 1
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 1.5. </b> "
---

### Week 5 Objectives:

- Connect and get acquainted with members of First Cloud Journey.
- Understand basic AWS services, how to use the console & CLI.

### Tasks to be carried out this week:

| Day | Task                                                                                                                                                                          | Start Date | Completion Date | Reference Material |
| --- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------- | ------------------ |
| 2   | - Sick leave                                                                                                                                                                  | 10/06/2025 | 10/06/2025      |                    |
| 3   | - Translate assigned blogs                                                                                                                                                    | 10/07/2025 | 10/07/2025      |                    |
| 4   | - Review Week 4 knowledge <br> - Continue translating blogs                                                                                                                   | 10/08/2025 | 10/08/2025      |                    |
| 5   | - Research and set up development environment for the project <br> - Find ways to run AWS services locally for optimization                                                   | 10/09/2025 | 10/09/2025      |                    |
| 6   | - Attempt to install DynamoDB local with Docker (unsuccessful) <br> - Decide to use DynamoDB on AWS cloud directly <br> - Learn basics about CDK and project folder structure | 10/10/2025 | 10/10/2025      |                    |

### Week 5 Achievements:

- Successfully translated assigned blogs for the FCJ project.

- Reviewed and consolidated knowledge from Week 4.

- Set up the development environment for the upcoming project:

  - Researched tools and configurations needed
  - Explored methods to run AWS services locally for cost optimization and faster development

- Attempted to install and configure DynamoDB local:

  - Tried setting up Docker environment
  - Encountered issues with DynamoDB local configuration
  - Made the decision to use DynamoDB on AWS cloud directly instead for reliability and ease of setup

- Learned the basics of AWS CDK (Cloud Development Kit):

  - Understanding CDK concepts and benefits
  - Learned how to structure and organize CDK project folders
  - Familiarized with CDK syntax and patterns

- Prepared foundation for cloud-based development workflow with AWS services.

Commit message:

Refactor Week 8 Worklog and Proposal Documentation
- Updated Week 8 worklog to reflect comprehensive review and midterm examination preparation, including detailed tasks and outcomes.
- Revised the overall structure of the worklog to encompass 8 weeks of learning instead of 5.
- Enhanced the Proposal document, renaming it to "FindNest" and updating the project description to highlight AI capabilities and AWS services used.
- Improved the solution architecture and component design sections for clarity and detail.
- Adjusted budget estimation and risk assessment sections to align with the updated project scope.
- Updated images to reflect the new architecture design.

content/1-Worklog/1.5-Week5/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Week 5 Worklog"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 1
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 1.5. </b> "
---

### Week 5 Objectives

- Complete translation of assigned blogs and consolidate learned knowledge.
- Set up the development environment and explore running AWS services locally to optimize cost.
- Attempt DynamoDB local (with Docker) and evaluate using DynamoDB on AWS.
- Begin learning AWS CDK and organizing project structure for infrastructure management.

### Tasks to be carried out this week

| Day | Task                                                                                                                                                                          | Start Date | Completion Date | Reference Material |
| --- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | --------------- | ------------------ |
| 2   | - Sick leave                                                                                                                                                                  | 10/06/2025 | 10/06/2025      |                    |
| 3   | - Translate assigned blogs                                                                                                                                                    | 10/07/2025 | 10/07/2025      |                    |
| 4   | - Review Week 4 knowledge; Continue translating blogs                                                                                                                           | 10/08/2025 | 10/08/2025      |                    |
| 5   | - Research and set up development environment for the project; Find ways to run AWS services locally for optimization                                                         | 10/09/2025 | 10/09/2025      |                    |
| 6   | - Attempt to install DynamoDB local with Docker (unsuccessful); Decide to use DynamoDB on AWS cloud directly; Learn basics about CDK and project folder structure           | 10/10/2025 | 10/10/2025      |                    |

### Week 5 Achievements

- Successfully translated assigned blogs for the FCJ project.

- Reviewed and consolidated knowledge from Week 4.

- Set up the development environment for the upcoming project:

  - Researched tools and configurations needed
  - Explored methods to run AWS services locally for cost optimization and faster development

- Attempted to install and configure DynamoDB local:

  - Tried setting up Docker environment
  - Encountered issues with DynamoDB local configuration
  - Made the decision to use DynamoDB on AWS cloud directly instead for reliability and ease of setup

- Learned the basics of AWS CDK (Cloud Development Kit):

  - Understanding CDK concepts and benefits
  - Learned how to structure and organize CDK project folders
  - Familiarized with CDK syntax and patterns

- Prepared foundation for cloud-based development workflow with AWS services.
