content/4-EventParticipated/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Events Participated"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 4
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 4. </b> "
---


> In this section, you should list and describe in detail the events you have participated in during your internship or work experience.  
> 
> Each event should be presented in the format Event 1, Event 2, Event 3…, along with the following details:
> * Event name
> * Date and time
> * Location (if applicable)
> * Your role in the event (attendee, event support, speaker, etc.)
> * A brief description of the event’s content and main activities
> * Outcomes or value gained (lessons learned, new skills, contribution to the team/project)
> * This listing helps demonstrate your actual participation as well as the soft skills and experience you have gained from each event.

During my internship, I participated in two events. Each one was a memorable experience that provided new, interesting, and useful knowledge, along with gifts and wonderful moments.

### [Event 1](4.1-Event1/)  
&emsp;**Event Name:** GenAI-powered App-DB Modernization workshop  

&emsp;**Date & Time:** 09:00, August 13, 2025  

&emsp;**Location:** 26th Floor, Bitexco Tower, 02 Hai Trieu Street, Saigon Ward, Ho Chi Minh City  

&emsp;**Role:** Attendee  

---

### [Event 2](4.2-Event2/)  
&emsp;**Event Name:** GenAI-powered App-DB Modernization workshop  

&emsp;**Date & Time:** 09:00, August 13, 2025  

&emsp;**Location:** 26th Floor, Bitexco Tower, 02 Hai Trieu Street, Saigon Ward, Ho Chi Minh City  

&emsp;**Role:** Attendee

Commit message:

Update event titles and details for clarity: - Change "Event 1" to "AI-Driven Development Life Cycle" and remove summary report section. - Update "Event 4" title to "AWS Network Security & Architecture Workshop" and adjust weight and pre values. - Modify event details in Vietnamese files for consistency with English versions. - Remove unnecessary warning notices from workshop sections.

content/4-EventParticipated/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Events Participated"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 4
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 4. </b> "
---


### [AI-Driven Development Life Cycle (AI-DLC)](4.1-Event1/)

&emsp;**Date & Time:** 3/10/2025
&emsp;**Location:** AWS Vietnam Office (HCM)
&emsp;**Role:** Attendee  
&emsp;**Summary:** Introduction to the AI-Driven Development Life Cycle, spec-driven development, and agentic tools like Amazon Q Developer and Kiro. Focus on shifting developer roles to architect & validator and automating repetitive tasks.  
&emsp;**Outcomes:** Learned practical workflows for AI-assisted development, prompt-as-code practices, and how to integrate AI agents into the SDLC.

---

### [AI/ML/GenAI on AWS Workshop](4.2-Event2/)

&emsp;**Date & Time:** Saturday, November 15, 2025 — 8:30 AM – 12:00 PM  
&emsp;**Location:** AWS Vietnam Office (HCM)  
&emsp;**Role:** Attendee  
&emsp;**Summary:** Overview of AWS AI services (Rekognition, Polly, Transcribe, Comprehend, Translate, Lex) and generative-AI topics with Bedrock (foundation models, prompt engineering, RAG, agents, and guardrails).  
&emsp;**Outcomes:** Gained knowledge on building GenAI chatbots with Bedrock, RAG architectures, and AI safety best practices.

---

### [DevOps on AWS Training Session](4.3-Event3/)

&emsp;**Date & Time:** Monday, November 17, 2025 — 8:30 AM – 5:00 PM  
&emsp;**Location:** AWS Vietnam Office (HCM)
&emsp;**Role:** Attendee  
&emsp;**Summary:** Hands-on coverage of CI/CD (CodePipeline, CodeBuild, CodeDeploy), Infrastructure as Code (CloudFormation, CDK), container services (ECR, ECS, EKS), and monitoring/observability (CloudWatch, X-Ray).  
&emsp;**Outcomes:** Practical understanding of building CI/CD pipelines, deploying containers, and implementing observability for production systems.

---

### [AWS Network Security & Architecture Workshop](4.4-Event4/)

&emsp;**Date & Time:** 29/11/2025
&emsp;**Location:** AWS Vietnam Office (HCM)
&emsp;**Role:** Attendee  
&emsp;**Summary:** Deep dive into network security, MFA (TOTP vs FIDO2), layered defenses (WAF, Shield, Network Firewall), Transit Gateway design, and centralized egress strategies.  
&emsp;**Outcomes:** Improved understanding of defense-in-depth, network segmentation, and architectural best practices for secure AWS networks.
