content/3-BlogsTranslated/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Translated Blogs"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 3
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 3. </b> "
---

{{% notice warning %}}
⚠️ **Note:** The information below is for reference purposes only. Please **do not copy verbatim** for your own report, including this warning.
{{% /notice %}}

This section will list and introduce the blogs you have translated. For example:

###  [Blog 1 - Getting started with healthcare data lakes: Using microservices](3.1-Blog1/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 2 - ...](3.2-Blog2/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 3 - ...](3.3-Blog3/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 4 - ...](3.4-Blog4/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 5 - ...](3.5-Blog5/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

###  [Blog 6 - ...](3.6-Blog6/)
This blog introduces how to start building a data lake in the healthcare sector by applying a microservices architecture. You will learn why data lakes are important for storing and analyzing diverse healthcare data (electronic medical records, lab test data, medical IoT devices…), how microservices help make the system more flexible, scalable, and easier to maintain. The article also guides you through the steps to set up the environment, organize the data processing pipeline, and ensure compliance with security & privacy standards such as HIPAA.

Commit message:

Refactor blog titles and update image format: Simplify titles for Blog 1, Blog 2, and Blog 3; replace avatar.png with avatar.jpg for consistency.

content/3-BlogsTranslated/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Translated Blogs"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 3
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 3. </b> "
---

### [Shield AI and AWS Collaborate to Deliver Mission Autonomy at Formation Scale](3.1-Blog1/)

This article describes the collaboration between Shield AI and AWS to deliver scalable, secure deployment of autonomous-system software. It explains how Hivemind Enterprise, AWS IoT Core, and Amazon ECR enable containerized AI pilots to be deployed and updated across large fleets, and summarizes benefits for defense and commercial use cases.

### [Enabling Digital Transformation to Advance Healthcare](3.2-Blog2/)

A summary of a panel on healthcare digital transformation driven by cloud and AI. The post highlights Forrester research (security as top priority), data and analytics as foundations for AI, workforce experience, and practical generative-AI adoption patterns, and it offers strategic recommendations for healthcare organizations.

### [Introducing AWS Builder Center: A New Home for the AWS Builder Community](3.3-Blog3/)

Announcement and walkthrough of the new AWS Builder Center — a hub for builders to connect, learn, and contribute. Key features covered include the Wishlist, community connections, hands-on resources, localization, and profile management for builders.
