content/1-Worklog/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Worklog"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 1
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 1. </b> "
---


**On this page**, I will introduce my AWS learning journey during the **first 5 weeks** of the internship program. Each week I focused on different topics, from basic services to advanced solutions.

The program is designed progressively, helping me build a solid knowledge foundation and practical skills necessary for a Cloud Engineer/Solution Architect role.

## 5-Week Learning Program

**Week 1:** [AWS Fundamentals - Foundation](1.1-week1/)

- Create and secure AWS account, manage costs with Budgets
- Master IAM (Identity and Access Management) and permissions
- Understand VPC architecture and deploy first EC2 instance

**Week 2:** [Advanced Networking](1.2-week2/)

- Set up Hybrid DNS with Route 53 Resolver
- Configure VPC Peering and AWS Transit Gateway
- Plan final semester project

**Week 3:** [Comprehensive AWS Services](1.3-week3/)

- Deep dive into EC2: Windows/Linux, Custom AMI, EBS management
- Get familiar with IAM Role, AWS Cloud9, and Amazon S3 static hosting
- Manage databases with RDS and Lightsail, Autoscaling with CloudWatch

**Week 4:** [System Optimization](1.4-week4/)

- **Operational Excellence**: Automation, monitoring, and Infrastructure as Code
- **Security**: SSO, IAM boundaries, WAF, and Key Management
- **Reliability**: AWS Backup, VPC Peering, Transit Gateway
- **Performance**: Docker/ECS, CodePipeline, Data Lake, DynamoDB
- **Cost Optimization**: Savings Plans, right-sizing, cost analysis

**Week 5:** [Project Development & Local Environment Setup](1.5-week5/)

- Translation of assigned FCJ blogs
- Review and consolidation of Week 4 knowledge
- Development environment setup for upcoming project
- Local AWS services configuration (DynamoDB local with Docker)
- Introduction to AWS CDK and project structure organization

---

**Note**: These are the first 5 weeks of the 12-week program. Subsequent weeks will be updated according to actual learning progress.

Commit message:

Refactor Week 8 Worklog and Proposal Documentation
- Updated Week 8 worklog to reflect comprehensive review and midterm examination preparation, including detailed tasks and outcomes.
- Revised the overall structure of the worklog to encompass 8 weeks of learning instead of 5.
- Enhanced the Proposal document, renaming it to "FindNest" and updating the project description to highlight AI capabilities and AWS services used.
- Improved the solution architecture and component design sections for clarity and detail.
- Adjusted budget estimation and risk assessment sections to align with the updated project scope.
- Updated images to reflect the new architecture design.

content/1-Worklog/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Worklog"
date: "`r Sys.Date()`"
weight: 1
chapter: false
pre: " <b> 1. </b> "
---

**On this page**, I will introduce my AWS learning journey during the **first 8 weeks** of the internship program. Each week I focused on different topics, from basic services to advanced solutions.

The program is designed progressively, helping me build a solid knowledge foundation and practical skills necessary for a Cloud Engineer/Solution Architect role.

## 8-Week Learning Program

**Week 1:** [AWS Fundamentals - Foundation](1.1-week1/)

- Create and secure AWS account, manage costs with Budgets
- Master IAM (Identity and Access Management) and permissions
- Understand VPC architecture and deploy first EC2 instance

**Week 2:** [Advanced Networking](1.2-week2/)

- Set up Hybrid DNS with Route 53 Resolver
- Configure VPC Peering and AWS Transit Gateway
- Plan final semester project

**Week 3:** [Comprehensive AWS Services](1.3-week3/)

- Deep dive into EC2: Windows/Linux, Custom AMI, EBS management
- Get familiar with IAM Role, AWS Cloud9, and Amazon S3 static hosting
- Manage databases with RDS and Lightsail, Autoscaling with CloudWatch

**Week 4:** [System Optimization](1.4-week4/)

- **Operational Excellence**: Automation, monitoring, and Infrastructure as Code
- **Security**: SSO, IAM boundaries, WAF, and Key Management
- **Reliability**: AWS Backup, VPC Peering, Transit Gateway
- **Performance**: Docker/ECS, CodePipeline, Data Lake, DynamoDB
- **Cost Optimization**: Savings Plans, right-sizing, cost analysis

**Week 5:** [Project Development & Local Environment Setup](1.5-week5/)

- Translation of assigned FCJ blogs
- Review and consolidation of Week 4 knowledge
- Development environment setup for upcoming project
- Local AWS services configuration (DynamoDB local with Docker)
- Introduction to AWS CDK and project structure organization

**Week 6:** [Application Modernization & Microservices](1.6-week6/)

- Migrate monolithic applications to cloud-native architecture
- Implement authentication and security with Amazon Cognito
- Build microservices with API Gateway and Lambda
- Configure orchestration and CI/CD workflows
- Develop Single Page Applications and integrate AI services

**Week 7:** [Containers & Kubernetes](1.7-week7/)

- Deploy applications using Amazon Lightsail Containers
- Set up and manage Amazon EKS clusters
- Implement CI/CD pipelines with AWS CodePipeline
- Transform monoliths to microservices using Docker and AWS Fargate
- Integrate GitHub with EKS for automated deployments

**Week 8:** [Comprehensive Review & Midterm Examination](1.8-week8/)

- Review AWS Fundamentals (Weeks 1-2): EC2, S3, VPC, networking
- Review Security & Identity (Weeks 3-4): IAM, Cognito, best practices
- Review Serverless & Modernization (Weeks 5-6): Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB
- Review Containers & CI/CD (Week 7): Docker, EKS, CodePipeline, Fargate
- Midterm Examination covering all topics from Weeks 1-7

---

**Note**: These are the first 8 weeks of the 12-week program. Subsequent weeks will be updated according to actual learning progress.
